[opening theme music playing]
[music fades]
-[birds chirping]
-[insects chittering]
SUMMER 2019
[phone ringing]
Oh shit.
[gentle music playing]
[woman] So-hae!
So-hae!
[chuckles]
This way! Hurry up! [chuckles]
[panting]
We're late! We're late! Come on!
[So-hae] For God's sake.
Seriously?
Hurry!
[both laughing]
Ah!
ANOTHAI AYAMA BORDER PATROL POLICE ACADEMY
[indistinct chattering]
I'll see you later.
[in Thai] How many people?
[in English] Thank you.
[in Thai] All right, come this way!
Three bottles for a pretty smile!
No, there won't be enough.
Two bottles per person. Two bottles!
Three bottles for a pretty smile!
[cheering, laughing]
[So-hae in English] Oh wow! So-mang!
Wait, are you wearing makeup?
Hey, why don't you worry about
your own face and put on some moisturizer?
So-hae, I bought you lipstick
for a reason.
Yeah, I know.
I just wanna keep it.
Well, I bought it
with that money you sent over,
so will you please put it on?
You're crazy. I only sent that money
to you so you could use it for yourself.
Enough! I'm begging you.
Oh, cut it out.
About Dad, is his back getting any better?
Well, I wish I knew,
but he just doesn't talk about it.
You know how he is.
-[woman] Hi, So-mang.
-Oh, hey.
Are you wearing makeup?
-[So-hae] Mm-hmm.
-Oh, how pretty.
Are you messing with me? Is that it?
-I'm not! I'm just being real.
-[laughing]
-Why do you laugh?
-No, I'm serious. You look so pretty!
-Forget it. I'll make sure you both pay.
-[woman] Awkward.
I'll make sure to bring her
when I fly to Korea next year
so you can have your revenge.
But you also made fun of her.
-Not at all. I said she looked pretty.
-[Hui-yeong] So-mang.
[So-mang] You look so pretty and natural.
-Wanna say hi?
-Who is it?
-My sister.
-Hi, I'm Hui-yeong, So-mang's friend.
Oh, you're my sister's friend.
How are you?
-Yeah, we're in the same class.
-Isn't she cute?
Yeah, you seem to get along well.
And you both have makeup.
[woman] Come on. Don't tease her.
[So-hae] I think you look pretty,
honestly.
…that COVID-19 can be characterized
as a pandemic.
[melancholy music playing]
[man 1] Is this her?
Please let me help.
Could you sit up for us real quick?
-Thank you.
-[coughs]
[man 2] Doc. Sh, sh, sh. It's okay.
It's okay.
[man 1] We're seeing a rapid exacerbation
of our COVID patients.
Dr. Kang!
-Could you help with their management?
-[So-hae] Okay.
-[monitor beeps]
-[patient coughs]
[So-hae] His saturation
is hitting below 70.
I'm gonna intubate him first.
[monitor beeping]
[So-hae] Her BP dropped below 80.
One norepinephrine here.
[man 1] Okay.
[woman 2] More COVID patients
are coming in.
[man 3] Severe patient, this room.
Mild patient, other room.
[man 4] Hey, listen up.
All medical staff, make sure
you're wearing your PPE properly.
[coughing]
[music fades]
[indistinct chattering]
Water delivery's not there yet.
Drink up, okay?
If you end up collapsing, too,
we're in trouble.
[phone chimes]
[So-mang] Sis, are you busy?
Can you talk for a minute?
[siren wailing]
Why don't you just talk to her?
She's a grown woman. She'll understand.
[people coughing]
[breathing heavily]
[So-hae] I don't feel so good.
So-hae! Are you all right?
So-hae! Help!
Help! So-hae!
Please help us!
[melancholy music playing]
[coughing]
So-hae?
So-hae!
[coughs]
12 MISSED CALLS
102 NOTIFICATIONS
[thunder rumbling]
[breathing shakily]
[phone chiming]
[ominous music playing]
FROM SO-MANG
[So-mang] Sis, please don't watch this.
Whatever you do,
please don't open it. Just delete it.
[Se-hun] You look uncomfortable
in these clothes. Let me help you.
-[So-mang] Stop it.
-[Se-hun] Just stay still.
[So-hae whimpers]
-[So-mang] What are you doing?
-[Se-hun] I said stay still.
-[So-mang] Stop!
-[Se-hun] Shit.
-[So-mang] I said no! What are you doing?
-[gasping]
[So-mang grunts]
-My God!
-[phone chimes]
[Se-hun] Come closer.
You, keep filming.
[woman] So-hae!
[tense music playing]
So-hae.
[music intensifies]
KANG JI-SEOK: DECEASED APRIL 7
KANG SO-MANG: DECEASED APRIL 2
[somber music playing]
[woman] So-hae, are you okay?
So-hae.
So-hae!
[reporter in Thai] To prevent and block
the growing spread of COVID-19,
all border checkpoints,
trade facilitation points, and passageways
will be permanently closed.
-[in English] Open the door!
-[man] Restrain her.
Open the door, Momo!
Open the fucking door!
You gotta let me out!
Open the door and let me out right now!
-[man] Come on. We gotta go.
-[screaming] Let me out!
Let me out!
-I have to go home!
-[Momo] Don't do this! Oh my God.
[sobs] So-hae, stop!
I have to go back to Korea!
I have to!
-[man] Hold her. Come on.
-I have to, okay! I have to go!
[screaming, crying] I have to go home!
I have to go home!
-[Momo] So-hae!
-No!
I have to go back to Korea!
-[man] This way. Let's go.
-Please! Oh no! I have to go. Please!
-I have to!
-[Momo] So-hae, stop!
[music fades]
[solemn music playing]
[screaming]
[screaming continues]
[screaming, crying]
[Momo coughing]
So-mang, I'm sorry.
[Momo] Then pull yourself together.
I'll kill them all.
[Momo] To do that,
you need to get back on your feet.
[Momo coughs]
So-mang, I'm sorry.
[Eun humming]
[music fades]
[Ms. Eom] No!
[Ms. Eom shouting]
[chilling music playing]
[gasping]
[Hui-yeong gasps]
[gasps]
[music intensifies]
Over here!
I need guards, damn it!
[alarm blaring]
[Ms. Eom] Come on!
Hurry!
Over here!
[somber music playing]
[doctor] Open the door!
-[banging on door]
-Goddammit!
Officer!
I got her!
Hurry! Hurry up!
Cut her loose! Quick, cut her loose!
[doctor, Ms. Eom grunt]
[Ms. Eom] Call an ambulance! Do it now!
[guard] Got it!
[Hui-yeong coughing]
-[doctor grunts]
-[screaming]
[doctor grunting]
Please help me! It hurts!
[Eun] She's got a ruptured artery.
You have to locate it
and tie it off before it's too late.
Tell the hospital
to send someone here right away.
-[guard 2] Yes, ma'am!
-Hurry up!
-They might arrive too late.
-We can't let her die! Come on!
[Hui-yeong crying]
How am I supposed to trust her
with her life when she tried to kill her?
Did you make that call?
How far are they?
We can't wait much longer.
[Hui-yeong groaning]
Let her out.
[guard] Yes, ma'am.
[door lock clicks]
A Kelly, IV fluids, and a splint, quick.
[stirring music playing]
[Hui-yeong whimpers]
[tense music playing]
No.
Not her.
Get away from me!
Tell her to leave me alone.
[sobs]
-Help me, please.
-It might be painful.
Can you please hold her legs?
-Help me.
-[Hui-yeong sobs]
-[Eun] Doctor, I need you to assist me.
-[doctor] Okay.
Open up the wound, please.
Should we give her a painkiller?
It'd make her heart rate drop.
It's too risky.
Let's begin.
[Hui-yeong whimpers]
[screaming]
[Eun] The Kelly.
[screaming continues]
[Eun] Hold her tight.
Please help.
-The gauze now.
-[doctor] Gauze.
[music swells]
-[music subsides]
-[camera shutters clicking]
[indistinct chattering]
[man 1] Am I allowed to walk through?
-[man 2] I… I have children.
-[man 1] I really have to go.
[indistinct chatter]
[door closes]
[Detective Bae] Hi, Mr. Baek.
[clears throat]
Oh, you're here.
I was happy to see
you had been transferred back.
Now that we're reunited,
I get to spend my nights
at crime scenes again. [chuckles]
Did you find any cameras nearby?
Getting footage as we speak.
It looks like she… got into a scuffle
with someone and left.
Her wallet's still here.
She must have been in a rush.
[mysterious music playing]
[Ji-su] What's all this?
[ominous music sting]
Look at this.
KO SE-HUN'S TRAVEL ROUTE
The 4th.
The 6th.
"Maybe he should be dead."
[detective 1] Come check this out!
Take these.
[mysterious music continues]
Well, can you recover anything?
Memory card's been removed,
and pulling any remaining data
on the device won't be easy.
[line ringing]
This is prosecutor Baek Dong-hun speaking.
I'm gonna need a warrant.
ASAP. Yes, right now.
[music fades]
[breathes heavily]
You can move her now.
Um, they'll be asking questions
at the hospital.
I think it'll be better
if she went with you instead of me.
Let's go.
Come on.
-[door lock buzzes]
-[gate door opens]
[siren wailing]
You should freshen up.
[monitor beeping]
[doctor] I'm putting her under.
[Eun] She was bleeding heavily
from an open femoral fracture,
so I realigned the femur first,
then located the artery and clamped it
with a Kelly to reduce the bleeding.
To prevent her heart rate from falling,
I chose not to give her aspirin.
[doctor 2] So you performed the procedure
yourself, not the medical officer?
Yes.
[doctor 2] Had you done it before?
JUNGDONG GENERAL HOSPITAL
[melancholy music playing]
[Ms. Eom sniffles]
Rest up.
We're not leaving
until we know how it went.
[guard] Here you go, Ms. Eom.
Thanks.
[indistinct chattering]
JANG JEONG-GU LAW OFFICE
[music fades]
[Jeong-gu] Really?
Ah, Jesus.
I mean, you're clearly violating
the rights of my client.
Is any of this necessary?
I was hoping you'd tell me,
since you created
this whole mess in the first place.
You spent this whole time claiming
An Yun-su was innocent,
and there she was,
planning to murder Ko Se-hun.
Well, he's gone now.
An Yun-su contacted you.
When was that?
[tapping phone screen]
Last message I received from her.
She hasn't answered
any of my calls since then.
[Dong-hun sighs]
And yet, you're still willing to bet
she's innocent, somehow.
Because I haven't heard
her side of the story yet.
What if she's been using you
this whole time?
Isn't that what we're here for?
Represent their best interest?
I wanna smoke. Do you mind?
[door closes]
[phone buzzing]
Hello?
Who is it?
It's An Yun-su.
[stirring music playing]
Uh, are you calling about the rent, ma'am?
I thought
I told you your son
would be covering it with his retainer.
Uh, yes, it's in the contract.
We agreed to it last month, actually.
Yeah.
Are you all right?
[Yun-su] For now.
You don't trust me right now. I get it.
But I don't have anybody else, so…
I need you to go see Mo Eun.
I'm not so sure it's such a good idea
to see her right now.
-It will look suspicious.
-Mo Eun is aware that I didn't kill him.
And she knew
Ko Se-hun was dead before I did.
I don't know how she knew,
but I need to find out.
Do you trust Mo Eun?
Even if I were to go see her,
how do you know
she'd be willing to help you?
Please do it.
-[Jeong-gu] Ms. An, one second--
-[Ji-su] Sir.
[tense music playing]
Mo Eun, she was taken
to the hospital earlier tonight.
She wasn't the one injured though.
Another inmate had a serious accident,
and apparently,
Mo Eun did the emergency treatment,
and they were both taken to the hospital.
Wait a minute.
Who were you talking to?
My landlord.
-Check this number.
-[Jeong-gu] Come on.
-[Ji-su] Okay.
-Really?
[Ji-su] 031-026-5794. Can you check it?
It's a pay phone nearby.
What did An Yun-su tell you?
[chuckles]
What did she say?
Tell all available officers to stop
and search every passerby, taxi, or bus.
I want eyes everywhere.
[tense music continues]
[siren wailing]
[music fades]
Hi. How is she doing?
[Ms. Eom] She's fine. She's not hurt.
I would like to speak
to my client if that's okay.
In private?
[Young-in] Yes, if you don't mind.
I'll be outside if you need me.
I appreciate it.
If you wanted to quit,
you could have waited until morning.
If I'm being honest, I thought about it.
Why wouldn't you tell me?
There's a lot I kept from you.
An Yun-su has made a request
through her lawyer.
There's something
she wants you to confirm.
She mentioned you knew
that she didn't murder Ko Se-hun.
And that you also knew
Se-hun was dead before anyone else did.
Would you tell me
if you knew something we didn't?
Apparently, her lawyer
saw Ms. An at the hospital.
The same day Ko Se-hun's body was found.
You met with her?
If you know something, tell me.
If An Yun-su is innocent,
someone should help her.
Ms. Mo.
Mo Eun.
407. 407!
[doctor] I have an update on the patient.
I was thirsty.
Mo Eun.
Ms. An, I think you're mistaken.
Huh?
Just say that to her.
Just heard about the surgery.
They said the initial response
saved her life.
407, that's because of you.
Guess it wasn't her time.
Are you done speaking with her?
Yes.
[Ms. Eom] Then we should head back.
Uh, Ms. Eom?
Can I wash up first?
JUNGDONG GENERAL HOSPITAL
You're getting in the shower too?
Get in.
Just put them on.
[door closes]
[door lock clicks]
[Eun] I don't know
if I should call you reckless
or impressive.
[mysterious music playing]
If you know something, tell me.
If An Yun-su is innocent,
someone should help her.
407!
[tense music sting]
[mysterious music continues]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[music fades]
I've become a killer again.
Is it thanks to you?
You wanna know if anyone else is involved.
Well, no.
I most likely
wouldn't have left it to someone
as pathetically soft as you
if I'd had a choice.
Considering how much you care about Sop,
I imagined you'd have
no problem killing Se-hun.
Maybe killing someone
means nothing to you.
I'm not like that, so tell me why I'm--
Are you done?
It's just like prison all over again.
These tantrums are just meaningless.
What is it that you know?
You said you saw a picture.
Ko Se-hun was dead already,
and you knew I didn't do it.
Why don't you start
by telling me about that?
Ko Se-hun got
the demise that he truly deserved.
And I made sure that that image would stay
with me forever.
[intriguing music playing]
In that photo,
he's completely lifeless,
lying on a brown leather couch.
His head is tilted to the left,
and there's a knife lodged
in the right side of his neck.
The black handle is sticking right out,
as if a horn managed to grow from there.
Behind him is a tall window.
A street lamp
is glowing yellow from outside.
[Mr. Ko] Someone sent this to me.
Do you know who sent the picture?
I thought it was you at first.
However,
I soon realized
that someone was impersonating you.
The question I needed to ask
wasn't who sent that photo, but why.
Why did they send me that picture
as if it came from you?
Why were they waiting
for you to kill Ko Se-hun?
And how did they know
you and I were planning
to kill him in the first place?
[knock at door]
[Ms. Eom] You need to wrap up now.
[Eun] Be careful.
Don't trust anyone.
[stirring music playing]
You managed to get in here,
so I guess you can get out.
Take care of yourself.
[music swells, fades]
Why didn't she change?
Let's go.
[ominous music playing]
[tuts] Damn it.
[tense dramatic music playing]
[Ms. Eom] 407! Stop right there!
[guard 2] Coming through!
[Ms. Eom] Move!
[nurse yelps]
[guard 2] Are you okay?
Get her! Get her!
[grunts]
-[guard 2] Come here!
-[Ms. Eom] Get her!
-[guard 4] Don't let her get away!
-[guard 2] 407!
-She's getting away!
-[guard 4] I got her!
[guard 5] Watch out!
[grunts]
Shit.
-Shit.
-[guard 5] Stop!
[music swells]
[music subsides]
[tense music resumes]
[indistinct chattering]
[breathing heavily]
[distant clatter]
[Ms. Eom breathing heavily]
[suspenseful music playing]
-[radio beeps]
-She was in the basement kitchen just now.
I want you to block every access point
between here and the parking lot.
-[distant clattering]
-[shouting]
[tense dramatic music playing]
[panting]
[music fades]
[indistinct announcement over PA]
[woman on PA] I repeat, please report
to the radiology department immediately.
[unsettling music playing]
[Dong-hun] Yes.
Yes.
[unsettling music continues]
[music swells]
[music subsides]
[breathing shakily]
I didn't expect this to be a dead end.
Shut up.
Put your hands up right now.
[stirring music playing]
When my son and daughter-in-law died,
I tried to come to terms with it.
Because I knew what they did.
I imagined that it was
some kind of divine punishment.
That said,
there was no reason to kill the boy.
He had already been punished
when his parents died that day.
I'm just disappointed
I couldn't kill him with my own hands…
in front of his parents.
[unsettling music playing]
[tense pulsing music playing]
You should have forgiven the child.
[blood squelches]
[Eun grunts]
[music swells]
[phone ringing]
[dispatcher] 112, what's your emergency?
[heavy breathing]
[dispatcher] Hello?
[eerie music sting]
Are you in danger right now?
[woman] I need help.
[dispatcher] Are you able
to give me your location?
[unsettling music playing]
Hello?
Are you there?
Stay on the line
so I can track your location.
[dog barking]
[tense dramatic music playing]
[music swells]
[music subsides]
[stirring music playing]
[dramatic string music playing]
[music fades]
[dark ethereal music playing]